All right, from Dining with Hypewriter, the Dingleberry Toggle model from MacArthur Park,
Los Angeles.
My name is Jeff Davis, you're Comptroller, Harmontown is now in session.
I see Dave Kline down there, can I get a Upe for the whole audience?
Let's welcome Spencer Crittenden in your Game Master, extraordinaire.
Spencer, there he is.
For good measure, let's welcome the Mayor of Harmontown, the eponymous Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, emmy night, fight for your life, go down the red carpet and the lime
life, celebrate your director and agent, fuck your mama so hard, she was hatin'
up, Christiansen, use the dark side of the force to get in to your mama's pussy, Sandman.
All right, thank you.
I don't know, I don't know why, sometimes, yeah, I'll make you this deal, every night
I come out, I'll see if I start rapping good, and if I don't, like, just the other side
of the deal is, just let me stop, and I don't think it's gonna be hard.
That sounds like it solves a lot of the problems with the rapping.
I don't hear anybody protesting, no, keep rapping, after it turns out you're gonna
rap badly, keep going, push through it, fake it till you make it, I think this is the easiest
deal we've ever made.
Isn't it true, though, that, I think it's axiomatic that when you win an emmy, your
rapping skills dip for a while?
Did I win another emmy?
Do I have twice as many emmys as I had before the emmys?
Yeah, no, I have a...
How many people got to keep the statute, did you get one?
Jesus Christ, yes.
It is fascinating, though, when you win one, your fantasy of what it would be like is sort
of simultaneously, everything about it is true, and simultaneously, it's so demystifying.
I'm not sure what I mean by that, but it's like you picture yourself going up, and you
hold this thing, and you're like, holy shit, this happened, and it feels like a scratch-off
ticket, it just sort of is random, you just have this weird relationship, is this gonna
happen or not, and then you're walking into a fantasy, and then the really weird thing
is that you're just sort of like directed off stage, and then there's just all this
shit that happens, and none of it, it's like, you know, when you're on ecstasy or mushrooms
or something where life is a joke, and the whole system is geared around people that
are gonna feel that way, so it's very much like a slaughterhouse.
It's like the opposite of a slaughterhouse, it's an immortality house, because they know
that they're working with dazed narcissists who are like, moo, I want an Emmy, and you
just follow robot chicken, and you just go down, and they'll corral you in certain areas,
and now you can eat a sandwich, you haven't had one in four hours, and you're just sort
of like, yeah, I'm so hungry, and then someone's like, that's for press, and you're like, I
don't care, I have an Emmy, but you just sort of become this baby, because I think that
is all of our fantasies, right, like about that idea of getting an award, it really,
I think what we all think, I mean, I'll use my I statements anytime you want, but I want
to connect with you guys, and I just feel like that's the thing that you want to achieve,
is that one brief weightless moment of like, so I'm okay no matter what I do, which is
such an ironic feeling to have to win an award to feel, it makes no sense, it doesn't, because
you're supposed to feel that when you wake up, and then you're absolutely...
Which of the two Emmys that you have on your mantle now, weighs the most?
They're both six pounds, Jeff, and I didn't look it up, and I don't care.
No.
I mean...
I did not look into whether or not the shelf would be able to hold another one.
I don't plan for this shit, I have no ambitions.
Do you feel like you might have to get a new mantle, because if you keep winning all these
Emmys, you have to like, you have to up your mantle game?
I'm all done, buddy.
This one was a huge, like, I absolutely did not expect, I fully, like, I was like, deserve
sure, expect no, no.
It's a very relatable stance.
But I would also...
Did I deserve it?
You better fucking believe I deserve it.
And everybody always, everybody nominated deserves it, because that all represents all of this
work.
I was like, that's what I'm saying.
Who did you beat?
Who are you up against on this one?
Like, Family Guy and shit, or who?
Yeah, South Park, and The Simpsons, and The Muppets, I don't remember.
Look, I can't believe you gotchered me.
I don't know who else was nominated.
I didn't care.
Can we...
I didn't fucking care, because I knew I was...
Because you deserved it.
Because I knew I wasn't going to talk if I won, so I don't need to know their edge of
life.
Wait, so did Rylan get up and talk?
Yeah, we met, like, who's going to talk?
They tell you, you've got to pick a person to talk.
So then, like, Justin and I were like the whole time, we're like, who's going to talk?
You should talk.
No, you should talk.
And they're like, let Jessica talk, that would be badass, you know, but it's like, who's
going up?
And that was the more important thing, it was like, who's going up?
Because it's like, they put this fear of God in you, like, you've got to get up here,
30 seconds for your speech and stuff.
And then you're sitting there through the show, and you're like, there's like 20 people
out here.
If they all get up and go up there, it turns out the answer is yes, it's all fine, like
Path of Least Resistance.
For a production thing, it's like, yeah, everybody get up there, it's an award for everybody.
But we were just like, I'm just like sweating and going like, what do you do, what are you
doing?
Wow, who's, Justin said, I think it should just be me and you, and then so and so and
so and so.
And I was like, okay, Justin, but, and the whole show's going, I just want to clarify,
are you saying that if, and there's like, Cody between us, like it's not just me and
his ear.
What are you saying, and the winner for best some other human being that you're doing this
during is, are you saying, if they call our name and obviously the big asterisk hears we're
not expecting to win, so we shouldn't be having this conversation, let alone behind probably
the other nominees, I'm pretty sure Trey and Matt are sitting in front of us, I don't know.
But if we do win air quotes, are you saying that when we stand up, if anyone else stands
up, should we look at them and go, and just, no, no, I'm not saying, and the winner for
the second award that's human beings that you'll never know, okay, well, I don't want,
I just, I don't know, talking about, we don't know, no one knows, there's no leadership,
we don't know, we don't know who goes up, and I was like, and then I think Mike McMahon
is like, who had the right answer, he's like, it's everyone in the catalog, it's everyone
that's listed, it's like, in the program it'll say, so those are the people that go up, it's
like 11 people for Rick and Morty.
And they all get their own individual trophy.
Yes, those are the people that get statues, they go up, because they have like credit
of some whatever kind on the episode, so all those people, we get herded like cattle into
this back room and stuff.
And then you fill out the thing, I talked about this, right, like the weird thing is
that you go into this back room, and everyone is just like, it's so, you're looking at people
who are, I was like, these are the only people for whom it's not an honor to be nominated,
they have to be the people that just sit there, and they just continually all day, for two
days for the Creative Arts Emmys, they're like, just non-stop chain of people.
For them, it is like a slaughterhouse, but they're like, congratulations, like they have
this look on their face, like a Disneyland employee, like you get fired if someone says
you didn't smile, you know, like I imagine that the pressure is on them, or that they
come to the table with like, they actually wanted to be near that, because they have
to, they're just like, oh my god, congratulations, and you're like, yeah, but we, it's just
like this is like chain of people, it's just this assembly line, and you get handed a statue
from a box, and it has nothing on it, my statue still has nothing on it, because you fill
out a form that goes to a place that makes the plates, and then the plate gets mailed
to you.
So, and the form...
You got it like super glue it back on to the thing, right?
It has little screws on the back, I'm so glad we're getting to the, I mean, I feel like
if there's one thing my podcast can do for people, is prepare you for your Emmy.
Yeah.
We're here to make you...
It has like a little band on it, that you could, but the curious thing about it is that
the form says, what's your name, what's your address, what's the name of your show, what
category did you win, it's not like multiple choice, so I just keep thinking like, so if
I just write like...
Oh, yeah.
That would be so badass.
Like, you could just write Rick and Morty Parentheses' Biggest Dick.
Yeah.
You write, Hitler did nothing wrong, like that's what 4chan would do, like it's just like,
it just feels like, you know, you look and you go like, this is hackable, because I'm
standing next to Justin, and Justin's right, I'm like, what's the name, because the categories
aren't easy to remember.
I was like, outstanding evidence of goodness by a thing on TV that was a cartoon, what did
you put?
It's like, best TV show that's a cartoon, and I'm like, well, that's not the same, I don't
think either of them are right, is the idea that they just put these things in a wood
chipper and then some like gnome goes, I know what these guys mean, they're high.
If you wrote best TV show, that would pass muster, no, they don't make it.
It's like the final chamber of like the Holy Grail, where you have to actually like pick
it out, and you don't get one.
Can we talk about the sandwiches?
This is just, okay, so I'm an outsider, come insider in this whole Hollywood thing, but
there's this thing you encounter as a person in Hollywood, which is all these sandwiches
that you can't eat, it's crazy, we went to Comic-Con and they're like, hey, you're going
to be in this room doing all these interviews, it's going to be great, it's like a big party,
Mike Tyson's there, you got all these sandwiches, you can't eat any of these sandwiches.
The sandwiches will just have this like, and it won't be like a big blinking sign, it's
embarrassing.
It's a sign just big enough for you to be halfway in your mouth, and then it says X-Files.
It says ham and cheese, it says like tomato and chicken and not for you.
These are Jillian Anderson sandwiches, it's so great because you can sit down, and you
can take sandwiches, and those are the two activities to do in those rooms, it's surprising
that even in the Emmy back dungeons and stuff, it's still like you want a sandwich, or you
want an Emmy, but don't get cocky, buddy, these are fucking-
And I did say I was drunk and on vodka and victory, and I did say to my publicist who
was politely saying, those are for press, and I said, here's a headline for you, Dan
Harmon eats your fucking sandwich.
They love that stuff.
I run with it.
To run with everything else, they fucking, that's a story I approve of.
I was hungry, I'll tell you all this item, make it a feature, make it a puff piece, or
a fucking like, oh, come at me, the sandwich eater.
I drink your milkshake.
Sorry.
You come over there and drink the press' milkshake.
Yeah, yeah, I eat your sea in which, yeah, I'm sure they would have been fine with it.
Wait, so why were there segregated sandwiches?
Because the thing is, why do it in the first place other than to humiliate people?
That's not how food is served.
That's how food is served.
I think when you get to the point where food is on a tray, I think that is an important
rule.
I think we're getting to a Christ-like thing here where it's like, maybe ownership, we
don't have to take aim at the concept of ownership in general, you're not allowed to, you should
make a sandwich and then not care who eats it.
I think that person's like, I just made this, it's three in the morning, I'm so hungry,
it's halfway to my mouth, okay, don't test me.
But once sandwiches are mass produced, yeah, going like, you know what, you can't say that
they're someone's.
Well, if you care that much, you don't protect it through norms.
I'll tell you that.
You gotta put it behind plexiglass.
Yeah, you need design work.
Yeah.
You gotta put enough effort.
When your sandwiches are important, pay a security guard to shoot people that eat your
sandwiches.
All right.
Or just increase the size of the sign.
Yeah.
What was the thing that I was like, I was like, yeah, put money in, oh, I don't know, I can't
get into that, that's too, I'm sorry, that got personal, okay, but I'm like, oh yeah,
if you don't care, if you really care about this shit, then you would express it through
risking things, so I'll let that person have it, I'll tell you that.
Speaking of risking things, let's bring out Rob Schrab.
Oh shit.
I hope we talk about you winning an Emmy every week.
I can't wait till next week when we hear, come on, this is another story about you winning
an Emmy.
Like that would be, oh man, people want to know about the statue, people want to know.
No they do.
This is like insider stuff.
No, they do, Spencer.
People want to know.
People want to know, Spencer.
They want to know on a weekly basis, any new, I'm glad we could come on the show and agree.
It's a goddamn Emmy night, it gets goddamn Emmy night.
It's Emmy night every night here, apparently.
What was last week?
Well it was Emmy night two.
They do them two weeks in a row, it's not my fault.
It was Emmy night two.
Oh, you can't fault me, cause the last episode was Emmy night two, and now it's Emmy night.
Why aren't you talking about Bill Hader?
I'm going to get around to that.
I'm not cool.
I'm going to get around to my fellow Emmy winners.
What about Dinklage?
Let's hear it for the Dink.
He won tonight.
Yeah, he did.
All right, a lot of Dinklage haters in the crowd, a lot of silent Dinklage impression.
People not ready to give it up for Dinklage, just out of hand, I was like, look, he can
earn it.
Right, exactly.
I haven't watched the show.
I'm certainly not going to fall into that bullshit.
Haven't seen it.
I'll take a look.
Now that it won an Emmy, that's what I do.
I did it with Nurse Jackie.
I'm doing it with Game of Thrones.
Well, let me know how you think he did.
He's fucking Peter Dinklage, you horrible grinches.
I thought that was the one guy I could say that would get you people, my fans.
Aren't you basically emotional Dinklages?
Isn't that a description of my audience?
Episode title?
Emotional Dinklages.
I am excited for him.
I don't know, but did he win one?
I don't know if I did Dinklage.
He won Best TV.
Whoa.
He's got a great one.
Did you ever see it?
Oh my God, it's like 80 inches.
80 inches.
Did I say that I wanted to thank you guys for showing up on...
Oh, you spelled Dinklages.
Emmy night?
Yeah, on Emmy night.
D-I-N.
This is bad.
Hey, Schrab, what's up with you?
I was looking up stuff.
What's up?
Might as well fill this dead air.
That's what I was trying to do.
I was trying to provide cover.
All right.
Well, you searched the internet.
Well, I was away, Schrab.
Well, I was away.
Did your chair get groovier?
You got a better chair.
I'm working on a good group.
Are you happy?
When are we going to know that you're settled into your...
I love it here.
Yeah.
I've been coming every week.
But would you trade this chair in for one of those shitty stools?
No.
You're happy with this.
I'm happy.
I could use an ottoman.
And a nice quilt to keep my knees warm.
Oh, we can get you a quilt.
Jeff is putting the piano thing.
You do it like this.
Like an ottoman.
Yeah, I support it.
You know what?
I think you should have a fucking morphine IV.
I think you should have an electronic bed.
I think you should have like a...
I have a few notes.
He's holding seat music.
I have a couple of notes that I'm going to bring to the next meeting that I have
Oh, yeah.
Well, I have a few notes, too.
Read them at your leisure, Jack Rabke.
Yeah.
He just named a real guy.
That was a guy we worked for 20 years ago at Monster House.
He just...
His name just came out of your brain because we're dying.
We're just like, Ferris wheel, depression, Hitler.
I want to wish...
Say what you will.
I'm happy.
I want to wish a very happy birthday to Caleb.
He's turning 21.
He took a little solo pilgrimage from Portland, ran into him at the drawing room before I
came here.
Is he here tonight?
If he's not, then he's a con artist.
I heard him.
It sounded like he was over there.
He bought me a drink.
Caleb, how's it going, man?
You got good seats.
Damn!
Oh, it's on.
It's on.
What happened?
I missed it.
There's a fight.
Jeff and Dan are fighting.
Absolutely nothing happened.
A fine young man expressed a sincere embrace of his favorite show.
What is it?
Everyone turned it into a thing because people are animals and I have no loyalty to them.
The show has become watching me...
Yeah, where's these fucking Emmy sandwiches, man?
You should have brought some Emmy sandwiches.
I hate them.
I'm gonna shit them out.
I'm gonna shit them out other than the fucking Emmys.
All right.
I don't think Hullabaloo has been made about the fact that I fucking met and hung out with
Ron Perlman on a fucking plane today.
Well, yeah.
Here we go.
That guy has the softest hands.
Oh, no.
Do you want that getting out?
Do you have a favor?
Shake Ron Perlman's hand.
Thank you, Ron.
He's never worked a day in his life.
How do you be a hellboy and have his fucking hands are made of just like...
It's supposed to be famous for having hell hands, right?
Like just have a hell glove or something.
Well, he's got that one giant hand.
All right.
I don't know, man.
Oh, my God.
Ron.
We talked about...
Your hand.
We talked about French film.
He has soft hands.
Like, we're gonna have dinner together.
He's my new best friend, so go...
You can fuck your Emmy.
I'll take...
I'll take Ron Perlman's delicious soft hands.
Look, my winning of an Emmy was not a challenge to anybody here.
I never thought for a second while I was winning it, oh, this proves that other people are
pieces of shit.
I'm too busy trying to rise above the fucking muck and mire, and I'm like, well, this means
I can breathe for six weeks.
So don't fucking get mad at me.
Go ahead, get mad at me, you little pieces of shit.
Sorry.
Now, like, okay, true colors.
I did think for a second you guys are pieces of shit.
I was like, well, this proves you're pieces of shit.
Do you think that's your last Emmy?
Do you think that's the last one?
I hope it is, because I want to, the way I want to go out is like both of those pointed
wings like fucking carotid and jugular.
That's a safe statement.
What?
Oh, Jesus.
Wait, I'll tell you.
Dianne Harmon controversially proposes suicide by Emmy.
No, that's not what I was...
That's so irresponsible because there's so many kids out there that are going to win
an Emmy so they can kill themselves.
I almost, like, if this is where I won't go, I almost want to say, yeah, America, kids,
if you're thinking of ending your life, do it with an Emmy just because it would trick
them into a rock soup thing where they're like, they would get to a point where they're
like 45 and they're like, I don't need to do this.
Schrab's doing something.
The show has just become me, me showing up and, and, and...
I'm not building anything.
It's like it was set up.
I'm trying so hard, I have a list of things to talk about.
Start from the bottom.
I can't, that's a thing I got crossed off.
Mandy, everybody go see Mandy if you haven't.
Love, man.
That's a movie, the Nick Cage movie.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's great.
So, or not because of iTunes, you can, it's, it's out, right?
Yeah.
You can just stream it.
The soundtrack's great too.
I just bought the soundtrack as well.
A real, a real, a real tour de force.
We're a fire burner.
We're really, hopefully we'll start burning up the charts.
Oh, I fucked up.
Yeah, shake it.
I fucked up.
Undo typing.
Undo.
Shaking his phone.
Well, that, as you said, undo.
Like, I accidentally pasted...
Spencer.
Just shaking your phone, help?
Yeah.
For undo, it's, are you undo?
What do you want from me?
Not from me.
God damn it.
They should have a better gesture.
All right.
I'm moving up from the bottom of the list.
Uber, I learned how to do multiple locations.
So I will actually provide more Uber rides now because the truth is, if I've ever been
with you and it's time to get an Uber, if I think that there's going to be some chicanery
with like, oh, we're going to go here and then we're going to drop off someone, so I'll
kind of fade in the background.
But I'll throw my money at anything.
I just don't want to have to talk to people because it seemed to me that you have to get
in the car and then you have to go, oh, thank you for showing up under the auspices of our
original destination.
However, a few things to throw at you.
Would you mind making a brief stop?
And I don't want to have those conversations, but I found a, I didn't find it.
It was shown to me by a friend.
I can't believe this guy went on Emmy.
There's an easy interface.
There's a plus button when you think of it.
You can just add locations.
I picked up this fucking asshole.
What did you think the plus button meant?
I didn't make the destination louder.
Ah, 32.
I don't know.
I mean, whatever.
I'm going to play musical stings every time Schrab scores on you.
Fine.
You just got dunked on, man.
I don't care.
I'm not going to, here's something that won't get a musical score.
I mean not letting it affect me, which is actually a huge, you're fucking like, like
that's me winning.
Like I don't care.
It's me, therapy's working.
I don't care.
I don't fucking care.
Like fucking hit me, dude.
Like you don't, you can't control my feelings.
You don't, you're, you're like, I can, I can fucking put you in an airlock and flush you
into space like a fucking predator.
That was my favorite ending of the predator when, when Danny Glover, that one I deserved.
Danny Glover put the predator.
I will acknowledge that burn I did in the airlock and sent the predator out into space.
But that's how you can always trust me, you know, like, I'm like, oh yeah, I fucked up.
And then you're like, I like Dan.
He knows when he fucks up.
So that means when I say he's not hurting me, he's not hurting me.
I hear the new, the predator movie is getting mixed reviews.
It did not do well this weekend.
Gosh, I wish they would give that and Jay Moore one more shot.
Yeah.
I just, I, I, I, I don't, I don't think we've gotten the predator.
Make him the predator.
Let's just double down on that one.
What about, maybe predator purge, like obviously these are two things that society's just
like, you're flooding it, you're flooding the engine.
It's the ninth purge movie, like, what do people like about it?
I can't figure it out.
It's the title and the promise that you made in the poster, which you obviously can't deliver
on within the budget you're willing to spend.
A proper purge movie would, for instance, be a television show, which it is.
I think I read it in my old friend Anthony Hemingway, I think he's working on that purge
show on Netflix.
I make it an anthological TV show.
People's interest in the purge concept is anthological.
The movies try to be anthological, and then they ruin themselves with this thing.
Like, it's like, oh, I'm supposed to care about, like, the ending of the purge franchise.
No, you're supposed to, and the predator thing is just like, oh, what if there was a thing
hunting us because we hunt things so much?
It's not working.
It's getting, we're getting under our own feet here.
I see a predator poster, I'm 45 years old, I'm like, what, is this a reboot or a sequel?
There was Predators, and then there was a guy from that 70s show, was a serial killer
in it.
And now the movie's just the predator, and it's just, this is year 18, like, don't
Google it.
That's what the slogan for the predator is, predator, don't Google it.
The, from the creators of nothing before, trust us, so we came up with this new idea,
what if you were getting hunted, you like, hey, you like eating a hot dog, what if you
were the hot dog, don't look it up, we've never done it before, like, no one, no, like,
if you're eight years old, you still know, just from that handshake between Carl Weathers
and fucking Schwarzenegger, everyone knows that fucking bicep handshake.
And if you haven't seen the movie, that's like, are you ready for your close-up, Mr.
DeMille?
Remember when that lady said that?
And Sunset Boulevard?
Yeah.
Are you ready for your close-up, Mr. DeMille?
Fuck, here's my pitch, you fucking put a predator in Sunset Boulevard.
Hey, hey, hey, the movie starts, a predator in the pool, and goes like, that's me, I tried
to hunt an old starlet.
But it's all, I'm dead.
It's all a predator-language, it's all a predator-language, it's all a predator-language.
Hollywood is so doggie-doggy.
I just wanted some candy.
Hollywood is so doggie-doggy that it killed the predator.
He couldn't fucking eat it.
Hey, stand up.
I like it that the last three predator movies are expecting us to still be impressed with
thermal dynamic, like, like, oh, wow, I can see the heat.
They cut you off, man, I don't blame them.
We got night vision on our, on our telephones, and we're supposed to go, oh, wow, look at
this orange and yellow and blue splotchy vision, that, he could, he could see anything.
Oh my God, wow, that's really impressive.
But let me get in my drone and fly to the fucking Froyo.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Wow, oh my God, he could see if I'm hot or cold.
He could do that.
Amazing.
Oh my God.
Wow, the predator.
Get out of here, man.
I hope I don't run into an a cumbersome nine-foot dreadlocked spaceman with a harpoon arm in
this world where people can craigslist rape people by the dozens over email.
I like, like, yeah, it's not, the predator is a, it's a real word.
It means it happens like, yeah, it happens like 90 times a day.
You're like, oh yeah, man.
It's an awful world.
It's like, wow, how many people that you could interview from last week, if you could round
up souls that went out in a certain way, like, hey, would you trade the way you went out
for just a run with the predator hunting you?
Fuck yeah.
What the fuck happened to me?
I was walking out of a 7-Eleven.
I got shot because my hat's wrong.
Here's the thing.
It's like, they go, okay, so, the predator, no, no, get ready, though.
Get ready.
So the predator is like, oh, well, you know, he's invisible, and stop there.
He's invisible.
That's all he could do.
It's a huge power.
But he could see you in spotty orange and yellow spotches, and he's got a knife that
goes really fast.
What does he do?
What does he do with the invisible?
When he's not invisible, when predator is just being predator up on a tree, does he
still see you as spotty orange and yellow on blues, or does he see you regular?
He can switch.
He switches.
He can switch between things.
They celebrate that in the movie, end of the video games, and it's like, oh, he can switch.
He could choose to see heat.
He could choose to see, like, fear, I don't know.
But the important thing is, the guy is like, fear would make it make, would be another
layer or something like that.
He just like, thermal dynamics, no shit, my kid's got a toy that can do that.
But give me something, give me, give me ideas, man.
Here's the craziest thing to me, here's the thing that bumps me the most.
I believe you and I saw Predator 2 in the theater, that's how old we are, and how long
this friendship has been failing.
Like, I don't know, let's give it one more decade, when we saw Predator 2, and I was
like, so we were there when Danny Glover looked at him and said, fuck you, pussy face.
And the crowd went, wow, I never thought about that.
It looks like a pussy.
And then, and then, and then, Danny Glover's at number two?
Yeah, and he calls them pussy face?
Yes, and the first Predator, of course we know that in the first Predator, why did you
think the movie was about?
I never saw, I never saw the second one.
I thought at the end of Arnold Schwarzenegger, you are one ugly son of a bitch.
Yeah, that's what happens in the first movie.
So then they made a second one, and then they doubled down on it, and he called them pussy
face.
Pussy face.
So, so that's the thing is they keep.
Number, Predator 2 is the reason why we have aliens versus Predator, because they go,
Danny Glover goes on the spaceship, and we see, they threw like a, he goes on the spaceship,
and there's more Predators, and they combine this moment of like, like, Danny Glover goes
like, I fucking, I got you, I beat you, and then multiple Predators come out of the fog.
He's on the mothership.
You think, it's just like, oh, I tracked this rich douchebag back to his Lexus, right, like,
but then, no, you tracked this rich douchebag back to his, his dealership, no, no, you're
just connecting dot, you're just trying to be, it doesn't make any sense.
If you were immersed in what I'm saying, you wouldn't be trying to take shots at me by
changing Lexus to Tesla.
That's lateral.
It would be Winnebago would be the answer.
You reactive fuck, you're just trying to affect me, you're just, oh, there's the moon, can
I hit it with a slingshot?
Yes, you can, you can hit anything, you're a human being, now what are you going to do
with that power?
How does it, what, I can't hear you, it's not about you, the show's not about you, that's
why there's no microphone in front of you, there's no, there's nothing, it's not about
the show, can't be about you, it's barely about me, and it's my name, I can't even control
it and I'm up here, these are my friends, look what's happening to me up here, did you
perceive me as not challenged enough, did you want to throw me out of my comfort zone,
oh, he's not having a hard enough time, he doesn't know what to do up there, or he's
too on rails, this is too scripted, I want to see what happened, the lights are changing,
the colors are changing.
All right, so, so, Danny Gleber, tracks again, he thought he tracked the rich juice bag back
to his Lexus, he like impales him, I got him, turns out it's a Winnebago, because the dot
you should have fucking connected is that there's more predators, but you didn't see
predator too, because you're 18, and that's not a strength, CNN makes you feel like that
makes you powerful, all it means is that you're going to die later than me, big deal, just
means you're going to get an iceberg and melt it in your head, when the Emmys don't
give you a sandwich, this is how it all, I'm glad I'm going to die before you, good luck
with your molten planet, good luck trying to figure out how to eat rotten corn, I'm
happy, because you were mean to me, enjoy your hydroponic rotten corn, are you ashamed
of having a Tesla, this is what it sounds like, he said Tesla, and Elon Musk has turned
out to be a fucking, don't finish that sentence, I love him, he's my best friend, he's a great
guy, fuck you, can I finish the goddamn, the podcast should be called, can Dan Harmon
get through a fucking thought, Caleb, 21 years old, this poor guy has officially, because
he said, listen to all the episodes, he's 21, that means he spent 5% of his life listening
to this shit, he had to get through 300 plus episodes of this, he's wasted an actual measurable
percentage of his young life listening to us, Caleb, you don't have to verify this, I don't
want you to get drawn into this, but I think the irony is, and I know you're thinking it
too, this show started as me going, hey, don't let me go off on a tangent, oh, it's so funny
because, oh, Dan Harmon's stream of consciousness, does it for it to evolve to the point where
I'm just like, can I fucking talk for a second without everyone attacking me? It's ironic,
I know you agree.
I think the show does suffer from you not getting a platform, so anyways, he thought
he chased him back to the Lexus, he fucking called it pussyface, he chases him back to
the fucking predator ship, he kills the predator, and then he goes, I killed you pussyface,
and then he looks around and through the fog, seven predators, and you're like, oh, shit,
he's so fucked, he just spent the whole movie dealing with one predator, and the first movie
was one predator, the only thing we changed, we didn't go straight multiple predators at
the top of the second movie, like James Cameron style, it was like, predator changed the location
to near future Los Angeles, so then he's like, I got you, I killed you, and then, wah, wah,
multiple predators, and you're like, fuck, god damn it, we're really fucked, and then
the lead predator walks up to him, and goes, how do you tell which one's the lead predator?
He's in front, he's got choreography as you can tell, like blocking, the director told
him you should talk to your actor, Mr. Glover, Bob Fosse, he's good, yeah, and it basically,
it goes like, Jeff's dancing, they like appraise him, they go, huh, looks like this prey came
on board our ship that we use to be predators, to predate, and it looks like he's gotten
the better of one of our predator colleagues, and they react, of course, because this is
what all of us would do, if you were dolphin hunting, that's what hunters do, you really
hunt because you have so much respect for a deer, that if a deer killed your best friend,
you'd be like, you're gonna come to my wedding.
That's what that means when you see antlers on a wall, it means like, I got him, and like,
if I hadn't gotten him, I would have fucking honored him for the rest of his life, no,
I got him, he's weak, he's on my wall, that's how I, like, but the predators are like, oh,
you killed a predator, he's fucking bodies on the floor of our car, you're a human,
we come here to hunt, by the way, what the fuck are those guys doing that whole weekend?
Is one of them in San Francisco, like, do they split up, like, I'm gonna be in Seattle?
These are all great questions that would have been a really interesting third predator movie.
But instead, in case I'm being obtuse about this, but I think you can predict, like, there's
a mislead of, oh, I'm fucked, and then they like, what do they do, they give them a predator
weapon.
Yeah, they give them, like, an antique, like, American weapon, or whatever, from the Civil
War.
Oh, that's even worse, that's so much worse, saying like, they've been doing this for a
long time.
It's like, you know, the last time we got our asses kicked is when the fucking Confederate
Slag had the balls.
I didn't read it, that is what you're reading, when I preside.
Well, I didn't read it until you said that, because I was like, holy shit.
No, no, no, I'm not reading like him, him like going, hey, we fought a good fight, here's
something for your trouble.
I thought he was like going, yeah, Eric was a dick.
Well, what's the difference between those two, isn't that the same thing?
You're like saying, like, oh, it's an honorable thing, like, you know, even though we're enemies,
I can respect you, here's something for your trouble, thank you for your, it's a sport.
You wouldn't extend to someone if Eric wasn't a dick.
I mean, they clearly hate the fucking predator, I mean, that much is clear, yeah.
And we're both right.
Yeah, but the bottom line is they don't fucking kill them, they're just like, you know what,
we're fucking cool like that.
We come here, we hunt you, we turn invisible, we come here in a spaceship, we hunt you invisibly.
We hang out in the spaceship invisible, that's how much we like being invisible, it's like,
hey, it's your shit, it's your shit, it's your fucking shit, and they're like, they're
like brawl, and they're like just making eggs and watching TV, Danny Glover walks in
and they're like, why are they invisible and they're shit, why, I've never, it's been
25 years, I've never asked that.
Are you seeing this?
I'm not seeing you, who's saying that?
I mean, the explanation that might be that they're in the predator man cave and they're
watching, also I don't want to now give it through a modern lens because predators are
anything if not androgynous, you know, like we don't even know some of these predators,
we shouldn't keep calling them he, but they're solely defined by their love of hunting, like
we don't know if they're sexual or not.
But they're in a, in a, in a, in a person cave and they're watching security cameras
and they say, this is fucking guy, can you believe it, they go, Tony, I told you to close
the fucking predator door on the ship that we parked in this mining tunnel outside of
Los Angeles in 1997.
Well, you don't pick up your shoes.
Yeah, I was like, you told me, you said, is it Cliff's coming back, he's going to hunt
a cast of nine, including Maria Conchino Alonso and Bill Paxton, and then we're going to
fucking take off and you said, because he's a douchebag, I don't want to fucking like
wake up and get the door for him.
I'm like, yeah, but okay, now there's a fucking dude, there's an LA cop in our ship.
He's looking at our trophy room.
All right, well, let's go fucking, and then they turn invisible.
They're like, let's go check it out and they're like, and they all go and then he's like finishing
killing Eric and they're like, this dude's killing Eric.
Yeah.
I was like, all right, let's fucking bring it on and they're like, look, don't speak
English, certainly not going to self-destruct.
Basically we're pussies.
Predators are fucking, they're terrible.
This idea that they're badass is not, they're bullies, and then when they die, they blow
themselves up and then this idea that we were going to get off on watching them fight aliens
was like, I thought was absurd.
You like aliens.
Yeah, I like aliens, but I mean, I don't like aliens.
I like Sigourney Weaver, I like humans, I like humans.
That's why I like aliens.
Yeah, but you like aliens, I mean, movies are the aliens.
Yeah, well, that's the expensive part of the movie you're making, but it's about people.
It's like saying if I read the old man in the sea that I like water, you can't just make
a book about water, I was like, oh, and it sloshed and it slipped and then it was hard
to drink and it gave you diarrhea and I'm like, yeah, get on with it.
Where's the people?
This is about the unknown, like you can't just be like Freddie versus Jason, I don't care.
Oh, Jason had a nightmare, are you fucking kidding me?
Next to LACC, where you guys shot Community, there's a bra, like lingerie shop called Jeanette's
Bras and it's Jeanette, what's her last name in church?
She's Vasquez from Aliens, she's the cool Latino, like hardcore Marine and now she sells
panties and bras and she's fucking awesome.
That's how I'm going out.
Bill Paxton in Predator 2 and Aliens 2.
Right?
It's actually just called Aliens, it's not called Aliens 2.
First one was called Alien, not Aliens 1, second one was called Aliens, not Aliens 2.
So you didn't know what I meant, that's why you're so confused, you didn't know what I
meant.
Fucking Schrabbed, I Schrabbed you.
You fucking put a mirror up.
You've been doing that for 20 years.
I guess you didn't know what I meant.
If you knew how to correct me, then you knew what I meant.
So why correct me?
Because it's a society, trying to stitch it together.
It's just you and me, man.
What circumstances do the predators uncloke in the movie?
Because what if they cloak as clothes, that's just clothes to them, is cloaking because
they can see the color.
I always project into it that it probably is harder for them to see while they're cloaked
because otherwise why would they ever unclove?
You know what it's also harder?
Because clothes, they'll be flashing people.
You know what it's also hard for a predator to do?
Pick up little tiny things with their long, claw-y fingers.
Remember the first one where he's trying to repair his leg, and they do a close-up of
him picking up stuff, and he does that kind of mom picking up a pencil, and he's like,
oh shit, and it looks like you.
It's very hard to see somebody if they get mud on them.
The source-maker gets a little mud on them, and we're supposed to buy that.
You can turn yourself invisible, but yeah, you haven't defeated the mud.
Yeah, they should change that.
Mud technology.
Then they'd be famous.
Then it'd be a franchise.
Also, it's my understanding, you have to get to the copter or the skin-you-alliance.
Right.
Yeah.
The chopper.
If Jesse the body-venturer was a governor.
Yeah.
All right.
He fucking won.
Two governors.
Two governors in one movie.
That movie has more governors than any other action film of all time.
Never thought about that.
I can't believe you're sitting so close to that fucking asshole.
You're probably friends with him.
You guys probably came in a group on.
Not since Jerry Brown and Dianne Feinstein were in The Expendables 4.
Ladybugs.
Right.
Yeah.
I drive a Tesla.
You're welcome from Earth.
Do you drive it or do you just wreck it?
I barely drive it.
That's how fucking green I am.
I drive it back and forth to make an Emmy-winning show for you.
It's completely.
It's all I do.
It's practically powered by the sun.
It's powered by you.
It's elliptical.
Yeah.
That would be amazing.
We gotta get that set up.
As you do the elliptical in the morning it goes into like a big battery in your house
and then the battery is shared by like I'm gonna make some eggs or like if you're rich
you express it through energy.
You go like hey guys it's Thanksgiving come to my house because I have so many people
working for me.
I'm always siphoning energy off of them.
I've got a big like power wall in my house and then you like give the energy away.
You go like here, here, desalinate some ocean water neighbor here like here's a birth control
for you like everything like energy can be turned into anything and then like so rich
people just have these head pieces and they like they have gemstones in them based on
like how much you contribute to society.
Everybody gets a little Thanos gauntlet at birth and then I like you know you know how
it goes.
Like I think we all know it then.
You know how it goes.
At the beginning of the universe you know and this tracks at the beginning of the universe
like everything you know nothing is split into everything you know and then and then
they were like these gems.
You know the list is what you would imagine, power, time, soul, energy, what the fuck?
I was like a third of the way through that list.
They have power and energy.
Yeah.
Oh okay.
And don't forget soul.
What the fuck with these gems?
Jesus Christ.
So there's only four knuckles?
What?
I don't know.
I was really disappointed in Thanos' gauntlet.
I really wanted it to be more comprehensive.
Like you don't have to make each thing part of someone's costume from a previous movie.
I think you could just say, just say gem one, gem two.
But show me that you're 20% more powerful when you get it.
Like you could beat up the Hulk with the first gem.
That just okay.
To me that's what I was defining coming into the movie is like you pretty much you've peaked.
You just you just you just put a put a hurt on the Hulk.
Just beat his ass like he's a fucking like drunk at a bar like you just beat him up through
him into space.
And then he's like I gotta get the rest of those gems why so I can kill exactly half
of the people.
I don't even want to talk about it.
Can't wait.
I can't wait to see the sequel.
You know it'd be a better movie if he's getting the gems but he's just he's just punching
people to death as he goes.
He's just like I'm gonna punch out half of the world.
And they're like we got a study he's like punched out 60,000 people.
He punches a lot for a guy who if he closes his fist can make your grandma into a newspaper.
Like he's like he's doing a lot of fucking Tai Chi considering that I would I guess I'm
a lazy supervillain.
I would just be like so I can okay I got the green one from Dr. Strange.
So now from now on then everything reverse all of it quick save and then redo.
Yeah.
Well that actually is Thanos' main weakness is that he always makes himself lose.
So that's just another one of those things he does.
That's his one weakness.
He's unbeatable except that he makes himself lose.
That's one of his things.
Does it say that on his?
It says it on his card.
Yeah on his baseball card.
I just don't yeah he on his planet he had an idea.
Everyone was like god damn it there's not enough food.
So many people.
And he's like look I've been saying it forever.
She killed half of the people.
Okay Thanos we've heard you the first time like we're brainstorming here.
And while technically that means no wrong answers fucking heard we heard you.
And it's going on the shit list.
We can beat it.
I hope.
Oh you know you're going to regret this one.
What did you where did you go is a way we're having another board meeting where's Thanos.
He laughed he went he joined the cosmos he said he's going to do that thing that he wanted
to do here everywhere.
Well great great.
That really helps.
He said he said you guys don't believe in him I never said I don't believe you could
do that.
He said it's a terrible idea.
Why is he so offended by the idea what someone's saying that that's a bad idea that he's going
to go make it happen.
Put that much energy into making twice as much food how go to snap my fingers and everyone
will have corn on the cob.
It's an equally valid solution.
You haven't seen it.
It's I haven't either what a what a what a you know you know are we what are you talking
about.
It's it's it's Thanos it's this guy Thanos is a real B in my body wars his evil plan
it's just it's hard to access for me.
I'm going to watch I'm going to do this and then I'm going to watch the sunset on the
universe.
What do you do you know anything about the universe or sons or setting I'm getting nervous
because you're saying this stuff and you're wielding this power and you just said you're
going to watch the sunset on a grateful universe.
I want you to understand but it could be the solution could be me explaining to you how
many people are in the universe.
I think you might think it's like Rhode Island and you're like you just wanted to sell more
shoes and like we just it could this could be a matter of perception.
So has anyone tried talking to this guy.
Why are Ron Perman's hands so soft?
This is my question.
Yeah man.
That's yeah.
I think I don't think he wants people to know that I know but there were no one asked him
about it on a man they were disturbingly like like just velvet there was disturbing being
the operating word.
Yeah it was weird.
Hey I'm Ron Perlman I'm starring in a hillboy four coming up ask me anything.
Jeff Davis on Harmontown says your hands are so soft you're a piece of shit.
What the fuck I remember that guy what the fuck happened you seem nice at the time.
Why is your Ron Perman impression sound like sugar bear.
Hello.
Oh hello.
Jeff.
Hello.
Hey this is Ron Perlman.
Why are you talking so much shit about me.
I didn't mean to talk any shit I was saying that your hand was.
That was between you and me the hand softness.
Well okay well since since you got my number somehow why are your hands so soft.
I'm living a man I don't know.
All right so fuck you then.
Fuck you Ron Perlman with your soft ass hands.
All right all right.
All right I will.
I will.
You'll fuck yourself.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay goodbye.
All right I'll see you at Little Dom's at 7 30.
All right thank you very much.
Ron are you seem upset why aren't you coming to bed.
Gildy you have no idea what I've been through.
What is my job if not to hear your troubles and help lift you up like let me help you.
All right.
All right let's go to the magic mirror and we have to recite the magic spell.
Take my hand.
Hello I'm the magic mirror.
All right well okay.
Take each other's hands and do the.
Oh my hand again.
So to be clear the mirror does not need to be started up.
Well that's a scary thing.
That's a scary thing.
It's already on.
I just realized I never turned it off.
Stop mirror explaining fucking hold each other's hands and fucking do your job.
All right.
Okay.
Sorry.
I'm not going to just give you free mirror advice.
Yeah.
Okay all right.
Well let's go.
Okay.
All right.
I'm here.
On the shelf.
You fucking.
You guys.
Like look the pamphlet is right next to me.
You can just read the fucking instructions.
Okay go ahead.
Just do the thing.
Just read it out loud.
Okay.
You wanted to.
All right.
Okay.
of baptized children.
Lymph nodes of virgin bright.
Genitals of newt.
Skin of trauma ward patients.
These are the things we place
in the cauldron now.
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
Okay, so mirror.
Just full disclosure, I'm just fucking with you guys.
You could just ask me any questions.
But it's fun for a mirror to watch you guys do that.
So what's your Ron Perlman question, Ron Perlman?
Well, my question being Ron Perlman is I'm known as a badass.
I'm known as Hellboy.
I was in Blade 2.
I'm usually a heavy, a gruff guy.
City of Lost Children.
Alien 4.
Resurrection.
Thank you, Gildy.
I've been cursed with these really soft hands.
Why is it a curse?
If I as an American ask a question back at you guys,
why do you even perceive soft hands as a curse?
Well, have you seen Reddit?
There's this person, Jeff Davis.
He's a fucking douchebag.
Whenever anyone shakes hands with Ron,
do you mind me speaking for you?
Whenever anyone shakes hands with him,
they're so taken aback by the gentleness
and then they want to go tell it on the mountain
and it's like it takes on this heat
that Ron's natural ruggedness doesn't take on
because that's the mainstay.
So he exists as a creature of pure irony
and I don't think that's fair to Ron.
It's like we skip the meat and potatoes
of him being basically a real-life Paul Bunyan.
You're a really good girlfriend.
Look, it's no secret that I'm Gannis Ron's manager.
Are you married?
I'm Rhea Perlman.
You're Rhea Perlman?
She's my ex-girlfriend.
Because I married her.
Well, this got complicated.
Gildy, Gildy Rhea.
Sorry, you called me Gildy Rhea.
It's fine, yes.
Gildy Rhea.
Forget the continuity.
Forget everything.
I didn't realize that Ron was married to Rhea Perlman
from Cheers.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
I call her Gildy.
Okay, we're past that.
I'm his manager.
Do you guys, like, do you guys...
Fuck, yeah.
Dude, do you want to watch?
That's why we got the mirror, right?
All right.
Let's do it.
Okay.
Here we go.
There's a reason you're on the ceiling.
Why don't you guys fuck in front of me so I can...
Can we put you...
You guys can watch yourselves fuck me.
You're my reflection.
Okay, well, we've got about 10 minutes before the Grubhub shows up,
so let's do that.
Yeah.
All right.
Here we go.
Should I initiate?
Yes.
Okay.
Although asking that raises the question, who's initiating?
But yes, you should.
All right.
I'm going to take off my robe.
Check out these.
Okay.
Those look great, as always.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
All right.
Let's open the window and look out at the fucking tent city that exists
on the perimeter of our mansion.
What?
Who said...
Hey.
Hey, guys.
Oh, shit.
It's David Duchovny.
Yeah, yeah.
You're delivering my green leaves?
I'm looking down into this puddle and I can see you through a mirror.
It's esoteric.
Oh, my God.
Well, that's not supposed to happen, is it?
Not unless time has reversed.
Mirror, did you reverse time and let David Duchovny see us through a puddle?
I reverse everything.
I guess so.
That's his thing.
That's what he does.
Yeah.
Start fucking, Rhea.
Well, hi, David.
It's me, Gilda Rhea, Pearlman.
We have agreed to start having sex in front of the mirror.
Yeah, yeah.
Please.
I assume you can look away if you don't want to watch it.
Don't record this.
Yeah, no, don't acknowledge me.
I don't like that part.
I invited some other mirrors over, so now it's like the end of Enter the Dragon with Bruce Lee.
You guys are all fucking in the hall of mirrors.
Did a lot of mirrors just interrupt?
Yeah.
Did a lot of mirrors just enter?
Yeah, look around.
That's bad.
See that guy?
Yeah.
That's you five times.
All right, well, here we go.
I'm initiating.
Or you want to initiate.
I asked you what you thought of these.
Oh, yeah, I think they're great.
What do you think of these?
Take a look at these.
What do you think?
Nice.
All right.
What would you give one a kiss?
Okay.
All right, now let me give a part of you a kiss.
What you can pick the part.
Yeah.
In between these.
Okay.
Oh, these are interesting.
All right.
I'll give you a kiss.
Yeah, you can kiss a little more.
All right.
Sounds like you're like a good boy than I am.
Do you want me to, oh, I'm going to move to a different part of you and change the behavior,
but keep it administered with my mouth.
Okay.
All right.
What about here?
What do you think of this?
That'll be okay.
I'll use some rapid fire kisses right here.
Okay.
Whoa, wow.
What do you think about that?
That's nice.
Now, why don't you, you know, like, look, I just came.
Oh.
Okay.
All right.
Wow, that was sexy.
That was hot.
That happens in America, everywhere, once a day.
When you reverse time.
All right.
So look, it's been great.
Jesus Christ, 909.
Wow.
I usually, we could do, start at seven.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
No, we started at eight.
Yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm telling you, there's no escape.
I woke up at like fucking 5 a.m. in St. Paul, Minnesota this morning.
I'm so tired.
Well, then let's, let's, let's get the human alarm clock, Steve Levy, up here.
Steve Levy.
You got it.
Steve Levy in the house.
All right.
Steve Levy, you got, you got, you know, Rhea Perlman's married to Danny DeVito, right?
Yeah.
I know that was my joke.
Not anymore.
They're divorced.
I said, nobody gets me and everyone railroads me and I'm a victim of everything.
And I, you know, I have everything and I'm also a victim of everything.
And it's not easy to balance those worlds.
I think you're killing it.
Thank you.
I think you're doing fantastic.
What's going on?
Dan, how long do you think like realistically until you're in next scandal?
Don't answer that question.
I mean, does it matter?
Who cares?
Why would you ask that question?
Come on.
Well, why not ask it?
Who cares?
Why, why does it matter?
It's 9-11.
See, it was only 10 seconds until your next scandal.
Exactly.
It's just 9-0-9.
Steve Levy's top five championships.
What?
All these are chaps.
They added taps tonight.
Yeah.
I think, well, I think it's a combination of things.
We moved into this theater space so we can't normally hear the people.
So, like, whereas Norm was, we used to have this thing at Meltdown where it's like, you
could hear everybody if they cleared their throat.
And so it'd be like somebody, we'd go like, I'm going to talk about dolphins and then
somebody would be like, that's not true.
And it'd be like, hey, come up here.
And then it's like, and then we moved here and it's like a theater so it's not designed
for that.
I don't know what's happening is like this Darwinian mutation of like, like super asses.
Like, like, like, like, God damn it.
I've said shit under my breath like 90 times.
It's like, if you don't take all your antibiotics, you create like a fucking flu monster.
So now you just have three people going like, God damn it!
Go-Bots!
My name is Paul Davidson.
I'm from Minnesota.
Talk about Go-Bots!
I'm happy to come up if you want!
I think it's exactly, I think it's just like Latter Day, Adam Goldberg, because I just
want to just like barge the way on stage.
But what's the alternative?
Hey, keep it down.
There's a show going on up here.
I can't say that.
I'm on their side.
This is a fucking shit show.
I'd heckle it too.
If I was sitting out there, I'd be like, can I come up?
It's garbage up here.
A bunch of jackasses.
I've got eyeballs up.
There's three guys in a row that have the same beard.
There's like a weird kind of three musketeers thing happening over here.
That means you can only see three people because our whole audience has the same beard.
It's these guys.
We can't understand you!
You have to take workshops to speak to other people.
It takes things.
It takes architecture.
It takes training.
You have to project.
I can't understand you!
You don't know timing either.
No one will ever understand what you're saying.
I don't even think understanding is the problem.
I think if we understood him, then there'd just be a whole host of new problems.
I know that.
I know that for sure.
But the fact that there's a membrane there where it's just like, I can't even...
No one can even tell what you're saying.
Shouldn't that stop you?
An animal wants to eat more grass over there.
And then there's barbed wire that goes into their forehead and they're like...
It doesn't mean the farmer's trying to keep you from being a super cow.
This farm might love you.
It just wants you to be you and make the most milk possible.
Isn't that the superest cow of all?
My dad used to heckle at church.
So, what's an example?
That's no good.
He came to Harmontown a couple of times and I would hear him yell out and stuff.
And I'd be like, this is the fucking, this is just church round two.
It's so bad.
What would he say in church?
Do you remember anything like, here we go.
What is a heckling?
Like eight days.
Yeah, exactly like that.
I'd take more of a rest if I mean that world.
Yeah, it's all just like, he'd be all like, oh yeah, Mark would say.
And then he'd be like, you mean Matt?
You know, like just stupid.
Like literally heckling church.
What would the pastor do when he goes...
Nothing.
Moving on.
No.
It never broke any rhythms.
There was never enough speed.
That's what she spake.
Thus so she spake.
When I was 25, if I was a pastor and I had a guy like your dad in the audience,
I would, or congregation would have been called the audience.
That would be my technique.
I'd be like, hey, come on, get up here.
Come on, what are you doing?
What were you saying?
And that would take care of me.
That's what you do here.
Yeah, but it's not punitive here.
I've always said from the beginning as Caleb will remind us
because he's had to listen to every episode.
Like I from the beginning have always been like, I don't want to do that here.
I don't want to have that relationship with the audience.
I want to have like a Paula Poundstone relationship with the audience where it's like
she had her showtime show and she would like, she would just have guests
and she was like a regular person and like they were regular people
and like I would always be like, hey, does anybody want to come up here
and talk to us and we won't hurt you.
We won't bully you.
It's a safe place.
And that was coinciding with like a kind of like cultural shift in things and stuff.
And I've always meant that.
I always just wanted to have that relationship with the audience.
You piece of shit.
You fucker.
I'm kidding.
I keep making eye contact with you about the Lexus thing and I don't care.
I don't really care.
So and the thing I don't, when I say I don't care,
I mean you're not allowed to come up to me ever and go,
I was that guy, now let's talk about that.
Don't do that.
This did not make us friends, but I don't hate you.
Who is the guy?
It doesn't matter.
It's the important thing.
It's all been a bit.
Is it your instinct?
Yes, sure.
That was the one thing like always when I was coming up.
I was blaming the guys behind you, but it was you.
Who cares?
What are you going to do?
We don't want to.
This is not information.
We want to know.
This doesn't.
We don't want to.
Why do we care?
Yeah.
What are we doing?
Bring someone up.
No.
Let's bring up Caleb for his 21st birthday.
Yeah.
Say a guy, I couch out some, some, some, some nave said,
bring someone up.
And that, that person, you know, who was that?
We keep.
I can't stay mad at you assholes.
Or maybe I can't, I can start to get mad.
Like C-A-L-E-B.
That's the one.
Yeah.
How's it going?
21 years old.
This is your 21st birthday.
Not today, but just yeah.
A couple of weeks ago.
Oh, okay.
Security.
Trying to make, trying to, trying to, like they're so.
This is my fault.
That's how desperate for entertainment they are.
It's not your fault.
They're like, David Goliath.
I was like, no, nothing's happened.
Yeah.
But like you said, you took a, it's a solo trip you treated
yourself to for your birthday.
Yeah.
I was broke as fuck for the last year or so.
And then I recently, I worked all summer and I just turned 21
at the end of August.
And so I decided now that I'm not broke as fuck,
I'm going to make myself broke as fuck by going to LA.
And now don't, don't think that you have to lie to us
because actually we'd feel better if the answer is no.
But did you come out here just for this show?
That was like 90% of the reason I came out.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
So we feel a little bad, but, but I mean,
that's, that's probably, that's the highest honor that we,
you know, people make these pilgrimages.
And especially like, I don't know,
there's something about doing it alone too.
Like, I don't know, the people that do it with a,
with a, with a, with a partner that makes it,
it's just something, there's something like holy about that.
Like you really are like, just like,
I have a relationship with this show.
I'm getting in my car. I'm driving out here.
What can we learn more about you?
What do you want to know?
Are we, I don't know if you work for the government.
Are we going to get fired?
I actually was just working for the government.
No, I'm fine. I'm unemployed right now.
What was this thing you were doing that ended with you being broke as fuck?
I was working a really, really shitty job.
And I, that's when I started listening to this because I knew,
I loved Rick and Morty and community.
And so I was just, hey,
I need to listen to something while I'm working these 12 hour shifts.
I want to listen to this guy who can relate to me.
This guy who,
but what was the,
whatever you're comfortable telling us about the job,
that what you were doing.
I signed a contract saying I wouldn't say much about it.
Basically, I was just a machinist and it was a really shitty thing.
But I, I was incredibly unhappy.
God, the imagination runs wild.
Like what are you, it just means,
it means you were making a nuclear bomb.
It's all that could ever be.
Caleb, was it like aerospace or?
No, nobody gives a fuck about me.
I like to think he's building the first whole truck.
Well, don't violate and care.
Steve's here.
No.
Hey Steve, how you doing?
Rob, you know, don't.
You came up on stage like what?
45 minutes ago?
Just sat here.
Oh my God, that's right.
You came up on stage.
I can't, thank God, Rob's here.
Or we wouldn't get to the bottom of the fact that the show's not scripted.
And that mistakes are made.
I followed the flow and I thought I wound up somewhere hot.
But here you are with your fucking ice breath.
Cool it down.
Let's all stop and notice how it's not as hot as we thought as he was making it.
I'm fucking heating shit up over here.
You come in with that shit, that Mentos shit.
Who cares about him?
I pay him.
Caleb came out here, he paid us.
Cool it, brother.
Now, no pressure.
Please tell us about...
No, I was just working as a machinist.
I was basically building circuit boards for different like, whether it was Google or other entities that I'm not allowed to talk about.
Probably not, yeah.
Not after, you know, they bought.
And probably not Bing.
I mean, they're probably not...
I was working at the Bing campus.
If you don't know where it is, Google it.
But I was just working that really shitty job and I became like...
That was literally the only reason...
This show is the only reason that I made it through their...
Not to sound like melodramatic or to exaggerate, but this is literally the only reason I made it out of there alive.
Like, genuinely. No, I'm not trying to sound stupid.
I take that for what it's worth.
I have a relationship with so many podcasts and I take that exactly, I think, as much of a compliment and as little as I need.
It took me a while to get to that zone.
Like, you want to deflect it or you want to accept it, but it doesn't necessarily denote, like, merit.
It's gratitude, you know?
I feel gratitude when people say, oh, I was going through this or that and then your show was there.
And I grabbed it and I held on to it and it kept me from drowning.
And you go like, oh, man, that's so fucking amazing that I get to make that contact with you.
It has nothing to do, because me at 35, I'd be like, yeah, well, you know, it's basically just a rip off of mash.
Like, I start talking and I'm like, well, I don't know. A person is basically telling you, for instance, not what you're telling.
They're like, oh, yeah, they're sort of dog whistling that maybe they were going to commit suicide.
You're like, this is not a time for you to be talking someone out of something.
You get caught up in whether what you do makes you a good person or a bad person.
And so this isn't about me.
But I can't believe, yeah, you just listened to all 300 and something episodes.
I asked Nova this, he came up last week or two weeks ago and we talked about it.
And they came up, god damn it, god fucking damn it, Harmon, get your shit together.
Nova came up a couple of weeks ago and we interrogated them and just give us a little bit of what do you want out of the podcast,
what do you get out of it so that we can keep customer satisfaction going.
Now that I know I can't really talk about what I feel, tell me what I should talk about.
Hot dog prices, what the fuck?
No, honestly, it's just...
These hot dog prices, though.
They're just outrageous.
Hot dog.
So I get out, I really admire your honesty, everybody on stage.
And as somebody who is extremely lonely in this dead end job, I ended up quitting that because I needed to.
That's why I was broke as fuck.
And anyway, I get out of it a lot of camaraderie and a lot of, while it is interesting hearing about your day-to-day life as a day-to-day life.
God fuck, I'm so stupid.
Sorry, it's fine, it's me, you're me, you're me.
It's fine.
Your day-to-day lives as these huge celebrities, these Emmy winners.
Sorry, Rob.
Oh!
And he looks like the Oscar.
He does look the most like the Oscar out of anybody.
And the Emmy for looking like an Oscar goes too.
It's family, it's camaraderie.
It would kill you.
I feel that way about podcasts.
We have October 1st, David Cummings is out here coming out here from the No Sleep podcast.
I don't even know how to feel about that because for the last three months, Cody and I just pressed play on this guy.
You just hear this guy and this whole coterie of people who do this No Sleep podcast and that's what podcast is.
It's about addiction to a family unit.
Yeah, absolutely.
It's kind of all the way across the fucking continent.
You can just form a genuine relationship with this person that you've never met, heard of or anything like that just because of things that don't matter.
And it's a proper, safe, healthy one because it's through a sheet of plexiglass.
Because you can get hurt otherwise.
It's like visiting humanity through a prison.
You get the phone and then you can go like, the lawyer comes and they make the gesture and you can go,
you can get as intimate as you want them and go like, are you doing in there big sister? Put your hand on the glass and like, yeah.
It seems appropriate to me.
To me, I like that.
Mind if I have a drink?
Yeah, please, God, where are my manners? I'm so sorry.
I'm very sorry about that.
Sorry, Caleb.
So only because we make new friends up here.
God damn it.
This is shit. A horrible person. They put a pox on your family.
I don't put a pox on your family. That's a joke.
I don't have that power.
Which guy with which beard is doing this?
God damn it.
No, what is that going to help?
Spencer and I both agree that what you're doing there is wrong.
I'm like, what? Just tell me what your purpose is.
I just want eyeballs on who's doing the thing.
And then once that happens, then what?
I'm going to hurt their feelings.
Well, just hurt their feelings in general.
Who's the last one?
All right, shut the fuck up.
It's a good thing we looked right at him.
We're being loud up here for no reason already.
But also, especially when there's another person up here,
because they don't have the...
It's like there's a building on fire and they're like,
holy shit, it's hot.
You don't know how it affects them.
You don't know what it's like.
It just sounds like screaming, me, me, me.
Like, I want to be on stage.
Well, that's what heckling is.
Well, I'm not going to...
Without impugning you guys, I just want to say,
I just use my eye statements and say,
all of that sound first hits you if you're a decent person.
It first hits you as shame.
Because if somebody's like,
the first thing I hear is like,
you're fucking up, you're fucking up.
That's the first thing I hear.
I have to reprocess it through a series of palaces.
If you're going to shout something out from the audience,
it has to be fucking cogent or delightful.
The catch-22 is if you're going to shout something out from the audience,
you have to be the kind of person who doesn't shout something out from the audience.
Which is really important,
because, yeah, that's like...
So if we're digging deep into a topic that we're like, oh my god...
If the thing is that you're fucking up and I don't enjoy the show,
then fucking go away.
Just walk out and go.
Well, now we sound defensive.
They are enjoying it.
No one wants to watch a bunch of defensive people on stage.
No, I'm on the offense right now.
That's what defensive people are.
I will start actively hurting people's feelings.
Anyways, Caleb, so what's it like to get a hard-on constantly?
Oh, it's the best.
Oh, yeah.
It's the best, isn't it?
It's a double-edged sword, for sure.
Actually, but that's the one...
That's the one thing that youth think.
It's not about me.
I want to ask you youth questions.
21, 21, 21.
Just turn 21.
I'm going to take the way back machine.
I want to ask you a 21 question.
Knees.
What?
You got knees?
How are your knees?
What's it like to have knees that you feel like you could just jump over anything?
Well, they just exist, right?
Is there anything that you would look at and you'd be like,
I could jump over that if I wanted?
Like barely that cord running on the ground.
He's humble.
I'm a Harmon fan.
I'm not an athlete.
I think there might be a line of... You might be pointing out a thing.
I think we might be doing some kind of reverse discrimination thing,
because I'm looking at you for the listeners that aren't subscribers,
that can't see Caleb.
He's got an Ashton Kutcher,
dude wears my car kind of body.
He looks like he could fucking pull you out of a burning car
and your baby and throw you under the...
I pull babies out of cars all the time.
And so maybe we're kind of like ganging up, but you could have that body,
especially at 21 and be like, yeah, I like checkers.
And we're like, yeah, but where's your dick?
Show us your dick.
How much do you like to fuck with your hard dick and jump over shit?
And that's not fair.
That's like a weird thing.
Oh, I actually, I got a question.
How much do you like to fuck stuff with your hard dick and jump over shit?
Spencer, were you listening to anything I just said?
No, you're just living vicariously through me.
See, now I'm on the heckler side.
I'm going to go sit out there with you.
Well, guys, I...
See, this is my, that's what I suspected.
Caleb, what's your fantasy job?
Not job, like, I don't know, like kind of like like Desert Island.
250 of us were on a jet.
Crashed.
There's luminaries like me at the front.
Yeah, of course.
So obviously we're, I'm going to have like a begrudgingly administrative position.
We thrust upon you.
It's just going to be like people are going to look to me like even people that weren't familiar with me before
they're going to be as they are on an airplane.
It's words going to have spread.
There's a guy in the fire, Rick and Morty, community.
I don't know what that is.
Like, well, yeah, well, that's not going to impress anybody once the wing flies off this fucking plane.
This guy has two non-televised Emmys.
Yeah.
So the first one was very televised.
Very televised.
I never bring it up, but my first Emmy was for writing the Oscars.
Thank you very much.
All right, so we crash on the island and people are like, I'm just taking myself off the plate
because I don't want you to say, hey, are you on the plane?
Because if so, I want to give you your space.
I want to leave.
I want to allow you the space to claim things that maybe you think I would do.
Do what I want and do what I think would do.
I would do well.
It's like a village.
We're never getting rescued, ever.
So all that's going to happen is it's 200 people.
We're starting a village.
Are you self-proclaimed fancy pants guy?
No, it's because he's a figure of import.
I'm taking myself off the table.
I didn't want him to say, well, Dan, I don't want to say that I would like to do is write amazing things
that make everyone happy every night.
I don't want him to assume that that's what I'd be doing.
I'd be so busy managing everyone.
I'd be like, everyone, calm down.
It's OK.
I'm sure we'll get rescued.
Because you're a man of the people.
Yeah, and I have a radio to sabotage because I don't want to get rescued.
I have 200 people liking me.
My plate is full.
I'm describing my fantasy.
I'm not going to want to write a lot.
Please, let's find out.
Caleb, you're in a tribal situation.
It's never going to end.
Day by day, you're waking up in the most tribal sense.
If your archetype was what?
You can express that in any language you want, whether it's an actual job that exists
or just be like, I would like to be the guy that blah, blah, blah, whatever.
Go from there.
Well, in that fantasy land, I would probably want to be some kind of mentor or teacher to this tribe.
I think education, whether it's like talking about math, science, all that shit, that's bullshit.
Education should be, in my opinion, mostly about morality.
And I don't think a lot of teachers or a lot of people realize that,
especially not enough to put it into play.
Well, so kind of a priest you're describing then, because you're saying, you want to be a mentor.
Well, don't lie to me, I'm not gotching him.
You're saying, fuck science and math, but hallelujah to guiding and teaching.
Not that those things aren't important, because they are.
But really, I think a lot of the reason that the US is in a state of shambles right now, in case you haven't noticed.
I've never heard you talk about it for several long time.
I kind of unplugged.
Is America still in shambles? I haven't checked in.
I would like to be the guy that wrangles the monkeys.
Because they're going to get into our stuff.
And somebody's just got to be on top of that.
I want to be that. Spencer's going to be...
I want to build stuff.
Spencer's going to build, like, a school for the monkeys.
And I'll, right?
Yeah.
And in this school, you'll teach them how to build more schools.
Monkey schools.
I'm going to coach a monkey improv troupe.
Okay.
All right, this is really work.
Steve! Oh my God, Steve's here!
Steve Levy!
The human alarm clock!
The human alarm clock.
What do you want to do on the island?
I just want to interject there.
Steve's not allowed to choose that.
If we're on the same plane, he still has to work for me.
Okay, Steve, if you want to answer the question...
So, I guess then I would continue being a human alarm clock.
So, in the morning, I wake up and go like,
cock-a-doodle-doo or something.
I don't know how you want to phrase it.
Okay, all right, take me out of the picture.
It's a different island from me.
He's directionless.
I either want to be probably like a chef,
learn how to cook with all the things I have,
which is probably very little.
Wow!
Curious, just curious.
It's amazing that you're crashing an island in here.
Or a real, I mean, sanitation is going to happen.
Right?
Isn't that a big problem?
He's got a good point.
You guys don't know Steve has a passion for sanitation.
This guy fucking loves this shit.
I just, you know, try to help society waste water.
You're an anarchist dream,
because anarchists philosophically need to assert the idea
philosophically that if we were in a tribal situation,
there would be someone that would be more than willing
to handle getting the shit away from the food, you know?
And that it would all work out.
Yeah, the dream is that during the day,
I'm preparing all the food.
And at night, I'm...
Uh-oh.
Get the shit out of here!
This might be kind of doomed.
All right, I think you're overextending yourself a little bit.
I'm worried about you.
You know what I'm going to do?
I saved my slot.
I'll be your therapist.
Because I think you need to overcome your workaholism.
Okay.
And I would love to wake up every morning and go,
if I do nothing else today, and I won't,
I'm going to help Steve Levyme relax.
That all tracks for me.
I would wake up every day if my job was to meet with you
on a beach and be like,
hey, man, how you doing?
Every day, I would be willing to have you sit down in front of me
and go, how did it go today?
And you tell me stuff and then I would be like,
you know, you shouldn't let that get you down
and all this stuff like I just like babbling at you
about how you should feel.
I'd love that job.
Thanks, yeah.
I would love to be a part of that, yeah.
But I think I'm competing with you for that job
because you and I are both saying the same thing.
Caleb, I'm talking to Caleb.
You and I both are like,
you know what I'd love to do is just hang out
and talk to people about how they should fucking think.
Can I change my...
Can I be a talk show host?
That could be good.
This is a fantasy tribe.
We're not vetting it through what's going to make the tribe survive.
I'm actually curious about the data we'd get.
If we asked 200 people, would we get like a certain percentage of people
that'd be like, you know what, honestly swear to God,
if you took money off the table,
I took everything off the table and you really told me that nothing was ever going to change.
So I wasn't going to find out when I was 55 years old
that no system was going to tell me,
you did what?
You believed in hairstyling for 30 years?
You're a dumb piece of shit.
You were supposed to put that hairstyling money into a Roth IRA.
You're fucking stupid.
Your kids got AIDS and you can't cure it now.
You're a fucking piece of shit.
You have poverty.
You should die.
That's what we're all reacting to all the time.
What's the thing if you took all that shit off the table that fear of like,
oh fuck, I don't want to find out I did it wrong?
What would you do as a sim all day?
I think the theory is primatologically that there would be enough people that would be like,
I think I'd want to cut everyone's hair.
There would be just enough of those people.
There wouldn't be 40 of those people per 200 people.
What would you do?
The most simple thing that would make me happy?
Me?
Well, that's where it gets out to this thing.
I swear to God, I'm saying what Caleb's saying.
But I swear, I think I would be, let me think about it for a second.
Can you guys do something else while I really think about it?
I think that I'd teach you.
There are people in anarcho-syndicalist societies that they go,
oh, I don't have to sweep floors all day long for no money.
I can now do what I want.
And there are people that go, you know what I want to do?
I want to plant trees.
And I want to make the street pretty.
And I want to just go out and plant trees.
And that's my life's ambition is to beautify something.
Or people go, you know what?
There's exactly the same amount of, oh, it's those assholes.
Yeah, of course.
You tricked us!
You tricked us into believing in a dream!
So we softened you.
But there are people, there are also people that work in a factory all day long,
and they go, if I had time between my commute and doing my day job
and needing to eat food and feed my children and do all this stuff,
I would love to make model airplanes because at heart I'm an engineer.
I would love to make things.
And if people had free time to actually do something that made them joyful
and gave them glee, like for me, I think it'd be as simple as gardening.
Like I would like to grow things because it's a very satisfying thing.
The idea that people, yeah, you saying that, first of all, I believe it.
And second of all, it blows my fucking mind so much that I'm like, the dream is real.
But there's a person that actually wants to garden that I'm like,
because I'm like, I don't want nothing to do with that.
So for you to say, if you're being remotely honest about it,
I want to get down, I hear people express that all the time.
I want my hands in the dirt and I love nurturing and stuff,
and I see that passion, otherwise we wouldn't have shit that grows.
It's obviously reliant to people that feel that way.
And so, and then that does cast people like me in a little bit, and I think Caleb,
you know, a little bit of a fraud complex, right?
Because what are we doing? We're going like,
I'm a frog, I'm a frog, I'm a frog.
Does it count as any answer if what you want to do is hang out
and let people know they're doing a good job?
You want to be like, no, that makes me a bad person,
maybe we haven't found like whatever...
Why is that a frog complex?
Fraud, you fucking dick!
You said frog. You said frog.
I sounded like frog.
I don't care what I said. English is contextual.
No one has ever had a frog complex.
Actually, that sounds kind of, I mean, a frog complex,
given our history and mythology of like,
frogs turning into princes that's like, I'm an ugly frog.
That would make sense.
You yelled at me.
All right, well, I yelled at you because I'm a frog.
He's got a frog complex.
I'm talking to Caleb.
Dan, do you know what a horny toad says?
Rub it.
What? What does he say?
Rub it?
Rub it.
Yeah.
Jeff is bowing.
Curt's seeing.
That's them saying they wish the show was over.
That's all they're saying.
Yeah.
And I...
They're saying that would have made a good closer.
I don't...
Yeah.
I'm just gonna say that would have been a bad closer.
I was certain that I was not going to follow up any questions.
I thought you said frog complex, too.
But I kind of wonder, I really always wonder that,
but I've listened to that Sapien's book and stuff.
I just wonder about that.
You scoop 100 people up with a net,
and you dump them into an aquarium as much as you can.
Probably drunk.
If it...
The aquarium's not...
Not only is it not filled with water, Caleb,
he was off-mine, and he said they'd probably drown.
It's not filled with water, and it's not a real aquarium.
But that idea of...
I think that's like...
I want to get to the bottom.
It's an idealistic dream.
I feel like I've spent 30 years belonging to an ideology
that, even though it doesn't get questioned a lot,
that underneath everything, what I really believe
is that if you took 100 people and scooped them up randomly
and plopped them onto a pile of desert
that they had to fend for themselves,
that they would have problems,
and there would be crime, and there would be horrible things happening,
there would be hatred, there would be all these things.
But that overall, there would be this order that evolved
that was actually somehow kind of a little...
The one thing you could say about that society
if you came back to visit it in 10 years,
it would be there's a lot less knots in the psychology.
There's a lot less of these things.
30% of the people aren't having rape fantasies.
It wouldn't be as fucking knotted up.
It would be more natural.
People would just be like,
here's what I like to do.
I talked to Cindy about it.
She said it's fine.
Everyone would be like, I'm frustrated
because Mark doesn't do enough of this.
It would just be a little less knotted.
You guys don't know what a phone cord is,
but that's how I always look at society.
They design society.
There was this thing in the 90s called the phone cord.
Engineers had this problem.
They had to make phones.
You had to be able to talk on them wherever you went,
but we couldn't have you do that yet.
Stick with me.
So they needed cords,
but they couldn't just make a fucking string
that was so long that you could walk everywhere
because then the dog would hang itself
and you would just step on it and all this shit.
So they need this intricately curled cord.
It's like a phone cord.
If you pull on it, the spiral stretches out,
and you could play with it when you talk on the phone,
but overall it was just this attempt to turn something
that wasn't elastic into something elastic.
It was this attempt to take something that needed to be connected
and make it as if it wasn't connected.
And that's how I feel about society,
is that there's too many fucking...
That laugh really got to me.
It was a natural laugh,
and it's important that it got to me.
It's true what I'm saying doesn't make a lot of sense.
But that's the point of explaining something to people.
You got a real fraud complex.
I just want to finish my thought,
and I don't care that it doesn't make...
If you can bring this train into the station,
and we all know it's not going to make sense
when I'm finished saying it.
That's how I look at society,
is that it's already fucking coiled.
It's already designed to do something
that it's not supposed to do.
But also, that's noble.
The idea that it just goes like that.
When you look at a new phone cord,
when you buy it at the hardware store,
and you hold it in your hands,
you're like, this is an actual marvel of engineering.
It's kind of beautiful,
but you want to touch it and put your finger through the...
You kids don't know what a phone cord is.
Also, you didn't know that you had to buy them
at the hardware store.
You did.
The hardware store?
No, there were phone stores.
Yeah, it's that...
Honestly, at this point,
the temptation to take me down is...
You're increasing my self-esteem.
Increasing it.
I'm sorry to inform you.
Every breath I take without your permission
raises my self-worth.
There's a certain point when you force a human being
to realize that they can't exist with your approval,
it makes me stronger.
I'm your worst nightmare.
I'm the person that you didn't want to live to see today
that did.
Now I know you're powerless.
Okay, don't applaud that.
That's Hitler stuff.
We don't want to do with the two hammers and the pink flight.
What were you going to say?
The phone cord.
I just wanted to get to the finish of the phone cord.
You millennials, the phone cord is notoriously easy to tangle.
It was simultaneously a thing that was like,
we solved it, we figured it out.
This thing needs to connect from one side of your house
to another or from the cradle of the phone to the handset.
But who wants to deal with it?
We want it to be kosher and friendly and nice.
The result is this thing that stretches
and it's this amazing feat of engineering.
But when that thing tangles, when you use it,
when you put it to the test,
it is the most fucking knotted ass.
It gets so fucking tangled.
What I'm saying is, when we talk about anarchy,
we're talking about just saying,
what if we had a straight cord?
And the answer is, that's not possible
because we need this fucking thing to reach across the house.
You can't talk about anarchy anywhere
because you talk about 100 people.
But it still is worth keeping in your head.
You know, if this fucking thing was straight,
Jesus Christ, we're talking about a phone, do it.
All right, I'm done.
Well, wait, okay.
That's the last little cap.
It's not like I actually think we should all go live in a cave
and hurt bison.
I don't really believe that.
Well, what if our communities,
the communities we actually lived and worked in,
were so functional that we were less reliant
on all these greater networks for support that we do?
What if they started with the precept that if any society,
if there's any single human being that's suffering,
that the society is failing,
that it's like that's a light bulb that's out
from the perspective of a light bulb society.
It doesn't need to be changed.
It doesn't need to be disregarded.
It needs to be, we need to deal with this.
That we can draw, even if you're crazy,
even if you're perverted,
even if you're indigent,
even if you're like whatever,
whatever your challenge you're posing to our progress,
that actually is the whole point of this,
is that you're on the ground
and you can't hold yourself up
and you don't know what's going on
or you're angry about something that we say to you,
then okay, we gotta figure this out.
What if everything was based on that?
That was the core that went outward.
It's impossible, is the answer,
because our societies are obviously based on tribes
that speared people better.
There's no argument to be made.
It's like a TED talk.
I thought, what if we could feel for a living?
Yeah, that'd be great.
I know, I know we can't.
I know we just had to spear each other.
I'm talking into a microphone
made out of the blood of weaker, better people.
This microphone is made out of people
that are better than me, that died,
because they gave someone the benefit of the doubt.
And someone was like,
hey, come here for a second.
Hey, love you, come over here.
It sounds like he loves me.
Honey, I don't think we should.
Do we really want to live in a world
where we can't respond to someone saying what he's saying?
This Mad Max wasteland,
isn't the beginning of making things better?
You're right, I'm sorry.
Don't fucking talk back to me ever again.
Okay, well, I think you're gaslighting me.
Fuck you, there's no such thing as that.
You made that up because you're fucking crazy.
There's no such thing as gaslighting, you fucking made it up
because you're fucking crazy.
And I love you, and I'm just going to go talk to this guy.
I just want to trade you some petrol for some lizard skin.
Hey, whoa.
You should have never trusted another fucking human piece of shit.
I'm going to be the one that writes the history books.
Fucking piece of shit.
What the fuck is happening?
What's going on?
What is happening right now?
Native Americans invented gaslighting.
I thought it was clear.
You've lost your mind.
You've gone crazy in front of her very eyes.
Well, I'll take your word for that, but...
I have an Emmy, I don't think I can be...
Maybe I'm testing the limits.
I think you've proven that.
Yeah, I love it.
Come on, how unclear was that really?
You were following that?
That's a simple wasteland play.
There was a couple over here.
Nobody was following that.
How many of you followed that?
Look at all those hands.
We should have someone interpret it.
Without help.
No, I got it.
I'm glad it wasn't all of your hands.
Come up here and explain what Dan was talking about, please.
Okay.
Caleb just volunteered his microphone for Nova.
Let's give a hand for Caleb.
Caleb will live on in nobility.
He's still...
He's like...
He gave you his mic.
Nova, can you take Rob's mic?
No.
It's actually my birthday tomorrow.
It's your birthday tomorrow at Nova's birthday.
It's your birthday?
Yeah, tomorrow.
Well, happy birthday, almost.
Thank you.
Encapsulate what Dan was breaking down for us.
Well...
It's like telephone.
I don't know how much better I am at explaining things than Dan,
but I got what he was saying.
I feel like when you're on my side, though, I do better.
Huh?
You're a more charismatic person,
so it just doesn't matter if you understood me or not.
Just say you do, and then people will respect me.
Oh, maybe.
That's all. That's my stake in it.
Or I just look like a rabid Harmon fan.
Steve, give Rob your mic.
He's just kissing at the feet of Harmon.
Like, no, fuck you.
Yeah, well...
Yeah, like...
Who's the first guy that was saying,
we love you?
That was saying,
at the beginning of the Wasteland sketch with the couple...
Yeah, there's a guy saying, we love you.
Come over here. Who was that?
No, this is the whole exercise
that is this person.
I'm kidding. I'm sorry.
Okay, yeah, there was a couple
in a cave or whatever,
and then some dude is trying to come over
to be like, hey, hey guys, whatever.
A cave dude?
A cave dude. In a different cave
or whatever, from a different tribe or something.
An outlander, yeah.
He's coming to the couple's house
and the wife's just like, oh, I don't know
if you should trust him. He could be trying to fool us.
And then the guys are like,
no, what kind of world,
you know, what kind of world
where we can't trust people?
Like, maybe if I reach out my hand,
maybe he'll be like, oh, I'm not going to kill this guy
or something, or maybe we don't want to assume
that this is a bad guy.
There's a little aside there which got a lot of applause.
Yeah, I like it a lot.
Where I did a little social commentary.
I liked it a lot because it's like,
yeah, it's a good commentary on guys being like,
look, we got to be cordial to each other.
Hey, fuck you, wife.
And you know where I got that?
You know where I researched that?
Looking into my fucking self.
Which is why people like you are a fan
of me because no matter what I do,
at least to god damn I'm going to take inventory.
Unlike all of my friends
I'm doing great, I'm doing great.
Please continue.
Yeah, that was like a little commentary
on how we're like, hey, you know what?
Man's got to be nice to man.
But then it's just like...
I'm abusing women. I'm like a misogynist.
That was me. That character was me.
I'm willing to say it now.
It's like, oh, there's a guy over there.
He's got a gas canister and he's like,
oh, over here.
Oh, woe be
to the poor fucking partner that trusted me enough.
It's like, oh, you sound like you know what you're doing.
That's the first person I would abuse.
And then this person over there,
I'd be like, woe, hello.
And I'd be like, look, I'm the man.
I'm going to make the decision. You know what?
I'm going to decide for both of us.
Because otherwise I'm going to be ashamed of myself
if I don't, yeah.
That I'm going to reach out a hand
to this other human being.
Whereas maybe if both of them collaborated
and we're like, that guy looks like he's going to...
Who knows? Let's be safe.
Oh, yeah, like if a couple teamed up really,
then maybe things would be okay or something.
Right, so then he chooses to trust this person.
Yeah, he chooses to trust the guy.
He chooses to let him into his house.
And then you saw what happened, right?
I don't know if I'm doing better than Dan did.
No, you're doing great.
Yeah.
And then the guy comes into the house
and the guy's just like,
I'm going to kill this guy and his wife
and I'm going to take their shit.
Yeah.
It's simple to fall out for.
Yeah, he's like the guy who's just like,
look, trust no one or whatever.
Everybody gets the joke.
Huh?
We just proved it.
That was the whole point of...
I don't know if you guys realize this,
but my whole point here in this whole exercise
was to validate that Dan
successfully explained himself.
Yeah, stop gaslighting Dan.
And here we have proof that that has happened.
So we have a lot of fun.
This idea we circle
that I don't know what I'm talking about
and I don't make any sense,
while mostly accurate
is also it's part of a chain of behavior.
He's the only one I want listening.
I'm listening.
All right, you're not listening.
A chain of behavior.
You can't just say two words.
That's the good trick.
I wasn't saying
that you weren't making a point.
I wanted you to, like, expound on it.
I didn't quite catch it.
I don't think that's how he expressed it.
I think he was like, Dan,
you need to be in an asylum.
He was like,
you're fucking nuts right now
and you need to re-evaluate
how your brain works,
because no one knows what you're talking about
and you're fucking crazy.
You got that right.
I thought it was Native Americans
and conquistadors.
You were kind of farther back.
The truth is, I'm not that much of a history buff.
I've just been playing Fallout 4
for a while.
I think about that a lot, like Desert Wasteland.
What if we were all dropped onto something?
What would happen? I think about that all the time.
Are you a gamer? Do you play RPG,
like, video games?
What's this?
Just start heating up for me.
It's okay if you're not.
Clearly you're not.
Or you would have been like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I remember last time we talked
about Sims or whatever,
but there's other games that I like,
like Stardew Valley.
That's the expression on your face.
He's an alcoholic, he doesn't remember our last conversation.
I thought it was like,
no, I'm into football.
No, you're a drunk dad.
You were like, what happened last week?
Last week was the special, right?
Every one of our cameras,
we could bond, but this is our relationship,
is my memory.
I'm like, yeah, I don't want to make this sled.
It's going to be a great sled.
It could be like me remembering things.
Dan, maybe a bad pitch.
We have like a couple minutes left.
What if we do a very brief
D&D thing where it's you and Nova,
and you guys are on like a little
side quest right now.
Ooh, awesome.
Did you say you're on board?
You find yourself on a little raft.
Okay.
You're on a little raft.
You've been sailing for days
for the shores of mines
to find the mines of shores.
You're on a raft?
You're on a raft.
Is my character...
Let's establish that now.
I am Guffolk,
a healer
of folk.
I'm Tammy,
flibber of derbs.
Flibber of derbs?
I'm flibber of derbs.
Sorry.
The sun, it's making my brain heal.
It's a little hot.
We should probably get some water,
or maybe not.
I'm sorry I talked you into this adventure.
It's probably not what you expected.
You know what, I kind of seemed like
I was letting you talk me into it,
but really I was on board the whole time.
I just, you know.
Yeah, okay, so we're on this raft.
We gotta make it to shore.
Oh, you make it to shore.
I take my apology back.
I nailed it.
We're partners in this adventure.
You don't get to just be like,
hey, I'm the one leading this.
Giant crab!
Oh, shit.
I don't want to get eaten alive.
It's bigger than that.
I think that, by definition,
the giantness means you can't stomp them.
I was thinking of a real giant crab.
You're thinking of a regular crab.
A stompable crab, they call them.
I was thinking of a real giant crab,
which is only kind of big.
You have real giant crabs like at Albertsons.
You could still stomp them.
Do I have any weapons?
There's actually a whole stompable crab section.
I don't know why, since there's no non-stompable crabs.
It's a small, medium, large.
We have oars for a raft.
I start stabbing at it with an oar.
Is it actively trying to attack us?
Oh, actively.
Okay, yeah.
Will you help me out?
What's your name?
I know your name, Mr.
We're in a raft forever.
This is not the time to high-road me.
What's your preferred pronoun?
Kill the crab!
Don't worry about it.
We'll figure it out later.
It doesn't matter.
You guys want me to come back?
Wait, I didn't say anything about my preferred pronoun.
I didn't say anything about that.
No, I knew you did that.
No, wait.
Actually, I need to ask you this.
Did the crab ever attack us?
It just said giant crab.
It seemed like it was attacking.
Right, I asked him if it was actively attacking,
and he said it was.
Sorry.
Stop, you need to help me attack you.
It's attacking us actively.
I'm going to come back later.
That's what I'm saying.
When a crab says that, you...
Okay, so next time we can just start a little domestic fighting,
and then whatever it is, we'll leave us alone.
Because it'll be too awkward for them, and they'll just leave.
Yeah, I don't know how to...
Bye, crab. Sorry.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I just didn't know that you could talk.
The first thing I said was giant crab.
It was giant crab.
Why would you say that?
Fair enough, fair enough.
I'm going for real now. Fair enough, I'm sorry.
We fucked up.
Can we both say we fucked up?
Okay, I'll say I fucked up.
If there's one thing I've learned,
we need to be a team.
Otherwise, I'm not gaslighting you.
Sidewalking.
He's sideways walking. I don't know what that means.
I don't know if that's like a micro.
That's why he's leaving.
Okay, we fucked up.
I contacted with not enough information,
and you didn't back me up when I made the decision.
We both fucked up.
As your husband's giant crab,
what are you doing? You were supposed to be home
like a half hour ago.
We better get out of here. This is awkward.
I think he's elsewhere.
I think if we stay, it's going to be better than if we...
Oh, so...
Who are your new friends, Marcia?
Do you have these friends over here?
Well, they were kicking me.
I'm sorry. I apologize.
This one was stepping on my foot a lot.
I was thinking he was doing something.
Why don't we attack them?
You came at me. I'm sorry.
I attack.
I'm a protective crab.
I attack Dan,
or whatever his name is,
over there.
Sorry about that. We should have left.
Giant crabs!
Claw attack.
Okay, or it's right.
We're going to do it now.
If someone attacks me, hit them with an or.
You know what? Even if they don't,
partners.
Fucking or attack.
No matter what. I don't even care if it makes me evil.
Let's fucking go down.
Let's do it. We just got to be a team.
I'm a crab rogue,
so I use claw sneak attack.
I think I have a plus
2d6.
I've been with the ors.
Is it not doing anything?
There's no real rules right now.
It's a free-for-all.
We don't have to take turns.
Just roll the dice on my crab attack.
Oh, yeah.
No, you get a six.
Do you have your dice?
Why do you have a five-hour energy?
This is how parlor games started before
Louis Pasteur and Marie Curie.
They were like,
we need some fucking dice or something.
It was just rich people in a parlor
going like, will I do this? Will I do that?
Fuck you!
And then someone was like, look.
Get me a pen and paper.
You can't just do that.
You can't just say that I didn't do that.
Let's roll for it.
Do I deal six crab damage on Dan?
They weren't improv trained.
Yeah, you deal six crab damage.
On who? On me?
Spencer checked out a long time ago.
I'm the only person who understands
what's happening.
These are the rules of the game.
Spencer, Junova, and I have a combined
as long as we work together perk
that raises our hit points by 600%.
Morale boost?
Team morale boost? Yeah.
As long as there's no hierarchy
between us, we double
our hit points.
We're individuals who have teamed up.
I'm going to release the blink dogs.
Yeah.
No.
Everybody keeps looking at me.
What am I?
Mastering your game?
Yeah.
No, you guys are. You're your own masters.
All right, we'll keep joining it.
I kill nobody.
Mislead.
You kill her?
No, I kill nobody.
Not Nova.
Sorry.
What the slur?
A frog complex?
I jump up on the nearest
rock.
What?
You corrected jump to leap
is what I got.
I swear to God,
I will never...
You're going to try to find me.
You're going to be like, it's me.
I was the guy.
I made your show.
I'm not going to be like, fuck you.
You're a piece of shit.
It's not going to happen.
I'm going to leave here through the chimney.
Because of you.
What?
Because I don't want to interact.
You're going to make me uncomfortable.
I can't understand you.
You're feeding into it.
It sounds like claws.
It's just fun to rally.
Jesus Christ, it's like fucking...
Are you guys drunk?
That doesn't matter.
I'm drunk.
I don't do this.
Jesus.
I kill everyone.
I don't.
I kill them with...
I stand up on a rock and I say...
Sorry.
My friend, I forgot your name.
Tammy?
We were on our raft and we washed up
and we fucked up.
We made a lot of mistakes
and we feel terrible about them
and we want
to become
a part of this island
moving forward.
We want to take our cues from you guys.
What's in it for us?
We've come here.
You are already here. You live here.
We have sharpened ores with some of your blood on them.
I don't know if that's a thing.
No, we got some of those.
Then we have nothing.
You have to trust us.
I mean, it has to be
like a zero-sum game.
All right, okay. How about this?
Return
the gemstone.
I need to speak to my partner
for one second.
I mean...
Return it?
It's like the only reason we're here.
It's the reason we're here?
What the fuck have you been withholding from me?
You forgot because you were drunk.
I thought we were in a shipwreck. Did I cause the shipwreck?
No, we were heading towards the mines, remember?
He said we were heading towards the mines.
Oh my god, the mines! We were trying to get your gem.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
You should never have...
If it was a problem, then I would just leave.
I wouldn't be putting up with it.
You're not codependent, are you?
No.
Is everything okay here?
Just give us a second.
Okay, leave my house.
Well, we didn't...
I'll go to your raft.
He said return the gem.
I cast
Detect Passive Aggression.
Everyone keeps looking at me.
Look, these crabs are pretty passive aggressive.
He said return the gem. We don't have the gem.
Well, it's not with us.
Tell me, oh my god.
It's...
You know what? I knew you'd forget is the thing.
Oh my god, we have a gem.
You know what?
Well, we don't have it with us.
We gotta get the fuck out of here.
We gotta get out of here.
The raft is deflating, though.
We're stuck here.
I crab attack the raft.
You were the first to run!
We're running!
We don't care about the raft.
We're running.
We're running up the beach.
Oh, you guys get there at the same time.
We're running away from the crabs.
Our destination is
away.
The raft gets destroyed then.
We run blindly into the forest.
Yeah, that's great.
All we have is each other and some oars.
But what will happen in the forest?
Cliffhanger!
Give it up for Nova.
Steve Levy.
Kayla, thank you so much.
Rob Straub, everybody.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm here returning
to Comptroller Jeff Davis, your mayor.
Dan Harmon, thank you all.
If you guys didn't get him any...
Can I get him, everybody?
Can I get a you?
Church.
Skulking weapon.
See you again.
Drive fast, take chances.
It's a good show.